glad it's him out there not me what
we're hoping for is known as a breach
conditions are perfect
great whites prefer to hunt in low light
as it gives them an element of surprise
the longer this weather continues the
better our chances of seeing a breach
yes that was exactly what we've been
hoping to see a full leaping breeching
attack it was an enormous animal that
completely cleared the water the tail
must have been two-and-a-half even three
meters out of the waves the fossa must
be generating to get an animal of that
size clearly the water must be
unimaginable but how hard did that shark
hit the decoy right we want to bring it
in quickly now because the last thing
you want is a great wipe reaching right
up onto the boat well this is a real
seal it'll be in a lot worse condition
than that kind of miraculous but this
does still seem to be functioning and
let's see what we recorded the highest
that's recorded is 5 G of force as this
decoy was being carried upwards by our
shark that's the same as a fighter jet
in a tight turn and if you can imagine
that that kind of force being delivered
by an animal that could be a ton in
weight with 300 scalpel sharp teeth it
would be simply unstoppable if this was
a real seal right now it would be in
tatters
this is a devastating predatory
technique the shark's eyes pressure and
electrical sensors and lock on to its
target with a few flicks of its tail it
accelerates to 20 miles an hour
the force of the impact drives the
entire animal clear of the water
the decoy is continuing to attract large
great whites
played in real time we get an insight
into why creatures are so lethal seals
only have a tenth of a second to react
and finally we witness a breach by a
giant great white the decoy is 90
centimeters
using it as a scale this shark is around
five meters long
this is a true supergiant seem fully out
of the water you can understand why it's
one of the most lethal predators on the
planet
you